PCE integration Docs (#86)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/pce-configuration.adoc

= Configure Private Cloud Edition in Studio
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> 

Reviewer: INSTRUCTIONS for edit:

The modules/ROOT/pages/pce-configuration.adoc are instructions to point Studio to PCE instead of the  default US cloud platform. It would be useful if you could have it by EOD tomorrow. If not, Thursday works too,

> Anypoint Studio 7.4 and later support native integration with Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (PCE) versions 1.6 and 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio 7.4 and later supports native integration with Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (PCE) versions 1.6 and 2.0.
```
You could leave off "versions" if you wanted to. Either is fine.

> To point your Studio installation to integrate with the Anypoint platform components in a PCE deployment option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to integrate your Studio installation with the Anypoint Platform components in a PCE deployment:
```
Please read carefully to ensure that I did not accidentally change your intended meaning.

. In the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, select *Anypoint Studio* > *Preferences...*.
. Select *Anypoint Studio* > *Anypoint Platform*.

> . Under the *PCE Settings* section, check the *Use a Private Cloud Instance URL*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *PCE Settings* section, select *Use a Private Cloud Instance URL*.
```
Is this a checkbox? You could also word this "select the *Use a Private Cloud Instance URL* checkbox.
Checkboxes are selected and unselected.
